This nanodegree program requires you to complete five different projects.
The first project is the route planner project,,
in which you'll build a route planner to find a route between
any two points in a real city using data from the OpenStreetMap Project.
The second project is the system monitor project,
in which you'll implement your own version of the top program that identifies
variables relevant to your system and prints out
information about all the different processes running on your computer.
The third project is the garbage collector project,
in which you'll build your own version of smart pointers,
a way to keep track of dynamically allocated memory and prevent memory leaks.
The fourth project is a traffic simulation.
In this project, you'll use
concurrent multi-threaded programming to organize traffic flow through a city.
Each vehicle will run on its own thread,
and you'll use thread synchronization and
communication to help the vehicles navigate intersections,
and help traffic flow smoothly through the city.
The final project of this nanodegree program is the Capstone project.
In this project, you'll build your own C++ application using
many of the different skills and techniques that
you've learned as part of this nanodegree program.